feat(curriculum): create basic css quiz (#56545)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-basic-css/66ed8fa2f45ce3ece4053eab.md

#### --text--

What does CSS stand for?

#### --distractors--

Cascading Style Script

---

Concatenating Style Script

---

Castor Sage Style

#### --answer--

Cascading Style Sheets

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which answer uses the correct strucutre of using a CSS rule?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which answer uses the correct structure of using a CSS rule?
```

#### --distractors--

`p=red`

---

`p (color: red)`

---

`{p color: red;}`

#### --answer--

`p {color: red;}`

### --question--

#### --text--

> What does the `<meta>` viewport do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What does `<meta name="viewport">` do?
```

#### --distractors--

Establishes flexbox within the device.

---

Creates the font for the device.

---

Makes the website automatically responsive.

#### --answer--

Controls the shape and size of the web page from a user's device.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which syntax is correct to use inline CSS?

#### --distractors--

`<p color =  blue></p>`

---

`<p><style = blue></p>`

---

`p {color: blue;}`

#### --answer--

`<p style="color: blue;"></p>`

### --question--

#### --text--

> When using internal CSS, where is the `<style>` placed within the HTML?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using internal CSS, where is the `style` element placed within the HTML?
```

#### --distractors--

> `<meta>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `meta` element
```

---

> `<script>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `script` element
```

---

> `<body>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `body` element
```

#### --answer--

> `<head>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `head` element
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which rule is correct for setting the width and height in CSS?

#### --distractors--

`height-width: 50px;`

---

`width-and-height: 50px;`

---

`flex-width: 50px; flex-height: 50px;`

#### --answer--

`width: 50px; height: 50px;`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which rule is correct to target `<h1>` inside of a `<div>`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which selector is correct to target `h1` elements inside of a `div`?
```

#### --distractors--

`div + h1 {}`

---

`div ~ h1 {}`

---

`div > h1 {}`

#### --answer--

`div h1 {}`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which rule is correct to target direct children of a `<footer>`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which selector is correct to target direct children of a `footer`?
```

#### --distractors--

`footer ~ ul {}`

---

`footer + ul {}`

---

`footer ul {}`

#### --answer--

`footer > ul {}`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which rule is correct to target the next sibling of an `<img>`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which selector is correct to target the next sibling of an `img`?
```

#### --distractors--

`img h1 {}`

---

`img > h1 {}`

---

`img ~ h1 {}`

#### --answer--

`img + h1 {}`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which rule is correct to target all siblings of an `<img>`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which selector is correct to target all siblings of an `img`?
```

#### --distractors--

`img > caption {}`

---

`img caption {}`

---

`img + caption {}`

#### --answer--

`img ~ caption {}`

### --question--

#### --text--

What statement is TRUE about `block` elements?

#### --distractors--

Blockline elements don't start on new lines.

---

Blockline elements only takes up as much as it needs.

---

Blockline elements come with no margin.

#### --answer--

Blockline elements start on a new line with margin before and after the element.

### --question--

#### --text--

> What statement is TRUE when using the `inline-block` rule?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What statement is TRUE when using the `inline-block` value?
```

#### --distractors--

Doesn't allow you to set the height and width.

---

Top and bottom margins not respected.

---

Adds a line break after an element.

#### --answer--

Allows you to place elements next to each other while letting you set the height and width.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Given the following selectors, which has the highest priority?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the following selectors, which has the highest specificity?
```

#### --distractors--

`div`

---

`h1`

---

`p`

#### --answer--

`#id`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Given the following selectors, which has the lowest priority?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the following selectors, which has the lowest specificity?
```

The answers also don't match. Type selectors have the same specificity - `div` is no more the correct answer than `h1` is.

#### --distractors--

`h1`

---

`#id`

---

`p`

#### --answer--

`div`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `*` selector do?

#### --distractors--

Targets some elements on the page.

---

Targets elements that have children on the page.

---

> Targets all `<p>` elements on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Targets all `p` elements on the page.
```

#### --answer--

Targets all elements on the page.

### --question--

#### --text--

What does `!important` do in CSS?

#### --distractors--

It doesn't effect the code.

---

Applies to all properties in the code.

---

Applies on to a certain selector or group of elements.

#### --answer--

> Overrides any other styles that the property is used on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overrides any other values applied to the property for that selector.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

How does the CSS Cascade algorithm work?

#### --distractors--

Determines styles of the element based on alphabetical order.

---

Gives animations to the page.

---

Improves Search Emgine Optimiztion (SEO).

#### --answer--

> Determines styles of the element based on specificity and order of they appear from top to bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines styles of the element based on specificity and order of declaration.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which rule applies 32px of margin to all sides?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which rule applies `32px` of margin to all sides?
```

#### --distractors--

`margin-top: 32px;`

---

`margin: 32px 0;`

---

`margin: 0 32px;`

#### --answer--

`margin: 32px;`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which rule applies 24px padding to the top and bottom?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which rule applies `24px` padding to the top and bottom?
```

#### --distractors--

`padding: 24px;`

---

`padding-top-bottom: 24px;`

---

`padding: 0 24px;`

#### --answer--

`padding: 24px 0;`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `line-height` property do?

#### --distractors--

> Controls how size of the font.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls the size of the font.
```

---

Controls the responsiveness of text.

---

Controls how much space is between the letters of text.

#### --answer--

> Controls how much space is between the lines of text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls how much space is between the lines of text.

```

Restore the EOF new line.
